two weeks ago four of us moved into a
one-person apartment it's pretty
terrible at first but now we've all
gotten used to it part of this project
was to get out of our comfort zone
tonight we're sleeping in the street the
goal for project 30 was to get out of
our comfort zones explore the world
through new experiences and learn with
three missions that night first find
somewhere to sleep
second organize shifts so that we have
one person awake at all times and three
reach the top of moyen Montreal's
biggest hill and watch the Sun Rise we
decided to shoot tonight's episode on a
Mars iPhone to limit the risk of the
only camera we own getting stolen so to
shoot a more bought a selfie stick he
was very excited about selfie stick
selfie stick there were three main risks
first of all getting mugged would mess
with us I had this second of all
raccoons and cats are all over the place
and might attack our food and third the
weather was predicted to rain tonight oh
we were just hoping for the best we
started off our journey with a very
positive attitude which did not last
very long no one could agree on where
the best place or sidewalk just sleep on
would be I don't know I just thought
that you could just sleep right here
can't you been there was a dude sleeping
in the middle who are walking by what
you thinking about image when you're
sleeping outside
Alois yeah
I think we should like this park over
here you says and thus eyeball is apart
it like in summer everyone is going to
be a weekend old time so it's fine
doesn't matter security guys right let's
go skills good no we're gonna sleep in
that Park over there worse than I guess
my life so what do you suggest them
anyone can see us there that's like
robbery central I'm making my own bed
hotel honks why don't we just jump in
sticking to I don't give [ __ ] this
shirt for class
we just understand is that no place is
going to be good yeah but just look
walked around the city for about an hour
until we found some benches that we all
thought looked okay but as we were
trying to fall asleep we realized that
we had chosen a terrible night to sleep
outside rain started to drizzle and the
temperature quickly dropped to the point
that sleeping outside became a very
difficult task can't sleep I don't see
nobody sleeps so we all had to snuggle
up a little bit the cold became
unbearable so we then went to regain
some heat and waited I finally decided
to hike up the mountain early to enjoy
the full sunrise of the beautiful city
of Montreal we enjoy the sunrise and
then all eagerly walked home walking
back we reflected on how difficult the
whole experience had been and how
grateful we were to have a home to walk
back to have a good day and see you
tomorrow